(DOCSP-21747) Add Java examples (#133)
mongodb/docs-spark-connector: source/includes/fact-read-from-change-stream.rst

.. note:: 
         
  The connector reads from your MongoDB 

>   deployment's change stream. To push updates to the change 
>   stream, perform update operations on your database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  deployment's change stream. To generate change events on the change 
  stream, perform update operations on your database.
```
